Position: President
Name: Charlie Gilmore
Pronouns: they/them
Bio: Charlie is a chemistry major who has played ttrpgs since they were 12 years old! When they're not being the discord cryptid, they can be seen working on creative projects.
Image Filename: charlie.jpg

Position: Vice President
Name: Kris Stradling
Pronouns: they/them, he/him
Bio: I am a sophomore majoring in Interdisciplinary Studies in Art and Design at UNT. I have played TTRPGs for almost a year now and I have been a dungeon master since October. Some of my other hobbies and interests include playing the electric violin, divination, cooking/baking, and rock climbing! 
Image Filename: kris.jpg

Position: Social Media Manager
Name: Celeste Hughes
Pronouns: she/her, they/them, he/him
Bio: Celeste is a sophomore majoring in Art History and a lover of all things arts-related! They have been playing TTRPGs for several years now. Their non-D&D hobbies include gaming, drawing, blogging, and jamming out on their guitar.
Image Filename: celeste.jpg

Position: Event Coordinator
Name: Zachariah	Collazo
Pronouns: he/him
Bio: My major is English, with a History minor. I'm a sophomore in college. Most of my hobbies revolve around DND/tabletop like designing characters and story writing, but I also really enjoy playing video games and singing. 
Image Filename: zach.jpg

Position: Campaign Master
Name: Mackenzie Applin
Pronouns: they/them
Bio: sophomore printmaking major dnd has consumed my entire existence /pos
Image Filename: mackenzie.png

Position: Public Relations
Name: Tyger Royal
Pronouns: he/him
Bio: I am a marketing major with a passion for Table-Top RPGs and storytelling. My favorite color is blue-no yellooooow!
Image Filename: tyger.jpg

Position: membership
Name: Ryan James
Pronouns: he/him
Bio: Ryan is a Business Analytics major who loves ttrpgs (duh) and music. His favorite game systems are 5e D&D and Call of Cthulhu.
Image Filename: ryan.jpeg

Position: Treasurer
Name: Rhys Lawson
Pronouns: they/them
Bio: Hey hey! My name is Rhys, i'm a junior Criminal Justice student here at UNT, and i've been playing TTRPGs for about two years now! I hope to serve the Critical Hit community to my best ability!
Image Filename: rhys.jpeg

Position: Founder
Name: Meg McAdams
Pronouns: she/her
Bio: Meg founded the club in 2021 to help students find TTRPG groups to join. She graduated in 2023 with a Bachelor's of Science in Computer Science. 
Image Filename: meg.png